# List of some relevant projects
Below a list of my most relevant projects. If you are interested, check the dedicated folders:

1) **Covid-19 testing improovement**: During the height of the coronavirus pandemic in march 2020, I invented a procedure to speed up covid testing by a factor of 5x, using machinery already present in every hospital. So I started a collaboration with professors and researchers from 3 different universities and one hospital, in order to test my procedure in the Lab. The protocol worked successfully, and it is now used as a standard testing procedure all over the world. In the related folder, you will find both the technical overview of the method, as well as some presentations that give an idea of the inner workings of the project.

2) **Olivia startup**: I am the tecnical co-founder of a startup that leverages predictive algorithm in the food industry to increase profits and reduce food waste. I wrote the first version of the predictive algorithm (that unfortunately i can not share due to confidentiality reasons). To discover more on Olivia, visit the [website](https://www.olivia-software.com/en)

3) **Economy simulator with econophysics**: during my master in physics, I wanted to use my physics and programming skills to benefit the whole of humanity in the most concrete way possible. My passion for macroeconomics lead me to build an economy simulator, in which any economic policy could be tested, and the result observed. With an interplay between simulation and analytical tecniques, my master thesis contains many original results, encompassing fiscal nd monetary policy, social mobility, end policy interpretability. If you are interested, you can read it in full in the dedicated folder.

4) **Multi-digit Classifier**: I developed a simple image classifier, that is able to recognize multi-digits numbers. The objective of the project was to familiarize myself with the PyTorch machine learning framework, understand the challanges of building hands-on, and learn the theory behind neural networks.
For this project, I also created the dataset using data augmentation tecniques on existing datasets.

5) **An architecture for Artificial General Intelligence: the Frameformer** The Frameformer is an architecture that leverages LLM to build a generally intelligent agent that learns new skills through the scientific process. In the related folder you will find:
    - The slides of the kick-off meeting of the colaboration between Paolo and I on one side, and the [Indigo.ai](https://indigo.ai/en/) team on the other side. 
    - The initial impementation of the python code for the architecture.
The project was put on hold due to [this](https://arxiv.org/abs/2401.10020) paper from february 2024 from Meta, that documents the limitations of self-improovements capabilities on current day language models. We thus decided to wait for the next generation of model to address this issue.

6) **AI papers archive**: In order to familiarize myself with the topic of Artificial intelligence, I attended classes from The top U.S. universities, and read 200+ academic papers. While i gathered this information, I thought of the value of being able to find the most consequential papers with just one click, instead of searching the web and having to understand what is important and what isn't. So I decided to make my papers archive public, and it is now used by my collaborators in the field.